Adam: This is a content-focused discussion on Getting Started Tutorials, and a high-level overview of progress. Then figure out user-personas (who’s coming to the site and why) and stakeholders and logical topics. 

Neil and I have been approaching this from a product-oriented flow. Process so far: Info gathering, then UX, and wireframes, then emerged voice and tone guidelines. Current phase: UI/content generation focus (high-fidelity mocks for the website; color palette, iconography, design system). RunKit/Stripe has given resources for a designer (3 months) for this process. This leaves the content section. The IA discussions have left us desiring content for guides.

Greg: What does IA stand for?

Adam: Information Architecture.

Adam: A couple blockers we can see in the future. Issue #13, is most important. The Tech Exploration is ongoing (#12). There will almost certainly be some religious debates (what should we be documenting), should we have an Express example? These are big questions, and we should have these offline.

Adam: First exercise: who are the stakeholders? We want to update the Node.js tagline. It does not invite or draw in new users. 

(Exercise)

Adam: Opening up to discussion. What did you all think about these exercises?

Addi: The content on the website doesn’t explain what Node is well today.

Francisco: Does anyone do a good job of this today?

Seandon: Rust.

Adam: Are we doing a disservice to people who are learning not

Seandon: Maybe an http example? Or Express?

Thomas: I know what Apache and Tomcat are, I expect people may get the wrong impression of what Node is.

Addi: I was a PHP developer, I didn’t understand what the application/possibilities of Node was, but this is the selling point. The problems of taking people down a prescribed path is you close some of the options. Imagine taking people through all these contexts and possibilities without making people walk far down a single possibilities. 
Thomas: Like a dating site, almost.

Francisco: I don’t want the paralysis of choice—the first date if you will.

Addi: Yeah, like one quick tutorial, then all the choices.

Francisco: And choose a particularly good and expressive example.

Seandon: Event-based, non-blocking examples are where Node shines, so we should emphasize these.

Francisco: And use the latest and greatest syntax: async/await. Things you’re not going to find elsewhere.

Greg: And answer the question, why you should care. First that, then go to the tutorial.

Thomas: In the dating example I said, painting the picture of a person, instead of documentation reading giving user stories and 

Adam: I really want to find users that fit into these groups and take pictures and create these stories.

Greg: I can probably help with that. We ask in the annual survey if people would like to be contacted.

Adam: I’d definitely appreciate the help. In that survey, how do these categories map to users surveyed? 

Greg: We don’t ask all these categories, but three main ones.

Adam: There’s also the legal questions too…

Greg: Yeah, Linux Foundation can add to that.

Addi: Definitely talk to Dan in the User Feedback group.

Adam: (wrapping up) We’ll go through all these and come up with actual content for these topics listed. Maybe it makes sense to make a pitch deck for stakeholders.

Greg: Maybe we could use a CMS, for those who aren’t good with PRs.

Adam: We have an open issue for thinking of using a CMS. So we’re definitely looking into this! What option we choose will also depend on budget.
